{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw16840\paperh23820\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17240\viewh15600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 READ ME file \
\
* Script: Generation_networks\
Script for testing and generating different configurations & regimes of activity, along with the quantification of some of their properties. \
The parameter configurations used for the rest of the article are saved in \'ab\'a0Maps_parameters.mat\'a0\'bb \
\
* Script: Networks_DBS_effects\
Script for testing the effects of DBS on all regimes of activity generated with Generation_networks. \
DBS parameters are indicated in the subsection of the script \'ab\'a0DBS_params\'a0\'bb \
\
* Scripts: Simple_stimuli_Classifier_Densification or Naturalistic_stimuli_Classifier_Densification \
These scripts generates for each binned matrix of pyramidal cells responses to a simple or naturalistic stimulus a densified matrix (S = W.M, with W = weight_matrix_classifier, the random weight matrix) that will serve as input to the classifiers. \
\
* Scripts: Classifiers_simple_stimuli or Classifier_naturalistic_stimuli \
These scripts use the scikit-learn library to run different supervised learning machine-learning algorithms to classify the responses of pyramidal cells according to the stimulus sent as input. \
Confusion matrices as well as accuracy scores are stored.  In the case of the multinomial logistic regression algorithm, the computation time is also saved. \
For simple stimuli, nine different inputs need to be classified according to their nature. \
For naturalistic stimuli, two classifications are tested: either based on the recognition of the voices; or based on the recognition of the meaning. \
\
* Figure 1: script used for generating graphs of Figure 1 (+ Supplementary), based on Generation_networks and Networks_DBS_effects (using the saved \'91Map_parameters.mat\'92 and \'91Map_parameters_DBS_effects.mat\'92)\
\
* Figure 2: two scripts Network_constant_simulations_analysis and Decoding_simple_stimuli \
In Network_constant_simulations_analysis are presented the simulations used for then calculating the SNR and discrimination capacities of the network in response to constant pulses \
Figure_2_Decoding_simple_stimuli is the code used to display figures based on the decoding accuracy (+ confusion matrices) as a function of the network parameters\
\
* Figure 3: script for generating graphs of Figure 3 (+ Supplementary), based on the analysis of the decoding accuracy to naturalistic stimuli\
\
}